you're a little dickhead you know that
mate you're a fuckhead
if I shaved you you'd look like my
ballsack shit ass you just take a shit
and think we're all gonna fucking clean
it up well I'm fucking sick of it Ruby
I have it you fucking pull your weight
around here don't give me anus
ah fucking our to be rich do you know
the only reason that you're here is
because mum allows it as soon as she's
dead mate you're gone
you think life's all about just having
an easy mate taking it easy you know
what it's not
you can't just follow your base
instincts Ruby talking to you mate
wait there's more to life as goals as
love I'm not patting em abusing you you
miss out on all the nuances of being
human and having a soul it's a suck shit
mate enjoy that with your fucking catnap
no likes you hear me we just see it
because the RSPCA had a sale two-for-one
fuckin Rogers dead so you're in have you
about that if I could punch you I would
if we were the same size I'd fucking
fight your main 101 you and me fucking
now mate no one likes you mean you just
here like decoration you just hear like
a pop plant you're just making up the
numbers in this house the house was too
big so we bought a cat okay how's that
sinking in hard truth you feeling it
don't give me a SP you think everyone
here fucking just lives look after you
you're selfish okay
you can't even fend for yourself if we
died you died you know that fucking 1
million years of evolution and you got
shit you got shit going on mate you
can't feed yourself gotta find your own
water you can't fuckin open doors
where's your opposable thumbs you got
nothing going on
all you got is you're a bit cute in the
bit hairy so you're hoping some want to
fucking take in your Mucha you're the
fucking animal equivalent centerlink
you're a doll blood sure you're taking
the pits for one fucking sick of it you
always fucking jump up places and you
make me get you down why would you
fucking hop on the neighbours roof mate
if you can't get down if you can get up
why can't you get down it's the same way
just reverse you're a fucking idiot mate
you an imbecile you're dead shit you're
drop shit you fucked the thickest
dogshit are you still here
will you look at that fucking hell mate
sometimes you'll catch it smells worse
than my human shit
what fuss going on there mate you're
rotten mongrel you're dirty bastard
you're a dickwad you're a fuckhead
you're a fuck-boy bitch nuts you're a
fucking idiot
you're Cockburn fuckwit fuck dog you
dickhead you will waste the space paint
no one needs you here okay
you great your fucking monochrome would
you want to get in different colors here
okay you know we had fuckin 256 colors
I'm Atari well it's time for you to
fuckin step up bring the action bringing
the colours you like you've been made
with fucking three pixels mate
you look like a piece of shit looks like
someone run out of ink and then printed
the full-color picture just with the
black fucking we're seeing okay mate
RGB at least fucking now you're disgrace
scrapes to the cat race fucking now
you're just fucking come and see me when
you want something
get over fucking they come and ask me if
I what do you think when you want to pat
you yeah are you all over me about you
coming at me where the fuck were you and
I want to pack on a bit of a cheeky
massage Hey yeah at the back in the dirt
rolling around like a fucking idiot like
a dickhead you're selfish I'm selfish
cat if you're a person you'd be a
fucking soberness dick Pig you'd be at
the back mate you'd be kicked out you'd
be fucking wouldn't stay here you dick
it
there's no way be staying here no one
put up with you but because you're hairy
and small Oh suddenly you fucking get on
with it
suddenly you can fuck and break all the
rules of society well I'm fucking sick
of it Ruby can if you if I can change
your ways one of us is gonna have to
move out you know it's gonna be it's
gonna be me he's like fucking got a job
and you got shit all my your any job is
fucking sitting there looking good
truth hurts mate swallow it down swallow
it
look at me when I'm abusing you what do
you think about that just suck it up
maybe you change your ways okay I've
given you a warning you're not even
loyal mate I mean at least dogs are
loyal I follow you around protect you if
we had a rubber break into this place
you wouldn't do shit on me
you just fucking sit down your fat ass
you fat hairy ass doing shit all there
we go mate here we go
much better other one mate other ones
not done yet like and sweet almost there
fucking rip rootin'-tootin you look
great mate
leave it there that's it don't move it
don't move your ears okay if you shake
your head it's disrespectful to me don't
do it you look like a Furby you look
like a second-hand reject from your mate
and that's without the fucking needs
bent down don't don't be like that in
Ruby come on now come on do it then that
see that there we go
okay take a bit of that oh you got two
eyelids mate you like like an alien
that's disgusting
why don't just have one eyelid like a
normal person there you go okay one two
three that's better